DOC-2335 feat(loading): Add temporary s3 credential doc[3.9] (#582)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/data-loading/partials/cloud/cloud-data-source-details.adoc

[source,json]
{
    "type": "s3",
    "access.key": "<access key>",
    "secret.key": "<secret key>"
}

> For temporary access to a bucket, we support AWS temporary credential provider. A temporary credential can be generated from AWS console, for example, using cloud shell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For temporary access to a bucket, we support AWS temporary credentials.
A temporary credential can be generated from the AWS CLI. For example:
```

[source,bash]
aws sts assume-role --role-arn arn:aws:iam::<account-id>:role/<role> --role-session-name "<session-name>"

> For more details on temporary credentials, please check https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp.html[AWS doc].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on temporary credentials, please refer to AWS documentation on  https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_temp.html[temporary security credentials in IAM].
```

> To use the temporary credential, add the below configs in the data source definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the temporary credential, add the below configurations in the data source definition:
```

[source,json]
{
    "type": "s3",
    "file.reader.settings.fs.s3a.aws.credentials.provider": "org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.TemporaryAWSCredentialsProvider",
    "file.reader.settings.fs.s3a.access.key": "The <AccessKeyId> in credential",

>     "file.reader.settings.fs.s3a.secret.key": "The <SecretAccessKey> in credential",

Reviewer 2: Should those two keys be `access.key` and `secret.key`? I think GSQL has a precheck that requires these two entries.

Author: Good catch! Both will work because GSQL will do a conversion here: https://github.com/tigergraph/gle/blob/002478095e72df3e34338b8b1189d6bbaf0ccf41/gsql-server/src/main/java/com/tigergraph/schema/topology/DataSource.java#L535

I will update to access.key and secret.key
